Update issue templates (#5544)
filecoin-project/lotus: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/proving-issues.md

---
name: Proving Issues
about: Create a report for help with proving failures.
title: "[Proving Issue]"
labels: area/proving, hint/needs-triaging
assignees: ''

---

> Please provide all the information requested here to help us troubleshoot "proving/wdpost failed" issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide all the information requested here to help us troubleshoot "proving/window PoSt failed" issues.
```

---
name: Proving Issues
about: Create a report for help with proving failures.
title: "[Proving Issue]"
labels: area/proving, hint/needs-triaging
assignees: ''

---

> Note: For security-related bugs/issues, please follow the [security policy](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/security/policy).

Please provide all the information requested here to help us troubleshoot "proving/window PoSt failed" issues.
If the information requested is missing, we will probably have to just ask you to provide it anyway,
before we can help debug.

**Describe the problem**
A brief description of the problem you encountered while proving the storage.

**Version**

The output of `lotus --version`.

**Setup**

You miner and daemon setup, including what hardware do you use, your environment variable settings, how do you run your miner and worker, do you use GPU and etc.

**Commands**

> Commands you ran.

Reviewer: Not sure if this applies to PoSting issues that much

**Proving status**

The output of `lotus-miner proving` info.

**Lotus miner logs**

Please go through the logs of your miner, and include screenshots of any error-like messages you find, highlighting the one has "window post" in it.

Alternatively please upload full log files and share a link here

**Lotus miner diagnostic info**

Please collect the following diagnostic information, and share a link here

> * lotus-miner diagnostic info `lotus-miner info all > allinfo`

Reviewer: I'd do
```suggestion
* lotus-miner diagnostic info `lotus-miner info all > allinfo.txt`
```
so it's painfully obvious that the output is saved to a file

Author: LOL
